Restructure Source Maps Upload page (#5799)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/sourcemaps/upload/systemjs/javascript.mdx

Sentry uses [releases](/product/releases/) to match the correct source maps to your events.

> If you're using SystemJS to bundle your project, your should configure SystemJS to generate source maps and use Sentry CLI to create the release and upload source maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using SystemJS to bundle your project, your should configure SystemJS to generate source maps and use Sentry CLI to create the release and upload the source maps.
```

## 1. Update SDK Options

To be able to match Sentry errors with the correct release, you must provide a `release` property in the SDK options:

```javascript
Sentry.init({
  // Make sure this value is identical to the name you give the release that you

>   // will create below using Sentry CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // create below using Sentry CLI
```

  release: "<release_name>",
});
```

## 2. Generate Source Maps

Next, configure SystemJS to output source maps:

```javascript
builder.bundle("src/app.js", "dist/app.min.js", {
  minify: true,
  sourceMaps: true,
  sourceMapContents: true,
});
```

<Note>

> This example configuration will inline your original, un-transformed source code into the generated source map file. Sentry requires both source map(s) **and** your original source files to perform reverse transformations. If you choose NOT to inline your source files, you must make those source files available to Sentry _in addition_ to your source maps (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configuration will inline your original, un-transformed source code into the generated source map file. Sentry requires both source map(s) **and** your original source code to perform reverse transformations. If you choose NOT to inline your source files, you must make those source files available to Sentry _in addition_ to your source maps (see below).
```

</Note>

## 3. Uploade Source Maps Using Sentry CLI

<Note>

> You can find instructions on how to install Sentry CLI here: https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/installation/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find installation instructions for Sentry CLI here: https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/installation/
```

For more info on Sentry CLI configuration visit the [Sentry CLI configuration docs](/product/cli/configuration/).

</Note>

Make sure Sentry CLI is configured for your project. You can use a `.sentryclirc` file or environment variables:

<Note>

Visit the [auth token user settings page](https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/) to find your auth tokens.

</Note>

```ìni {filename:.sentryclirc}
[auth]
token=your-auth-token

[defaults]
org=___ORG_SLUG___
project=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

```bash
export SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=your-auth-token
export SENTRY_ORG=___ORG_SLUG___
export SENTRY_PROJECT=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

After configuring Sentry CLI and bundling your project, create a release with Sentry CLI:

```bash
sentry-cli releases new <release_name>
```

Next, upload your release artifacts (source files and source maps):

```bash
sentry-cli releases files <release_name> upload-sourcemaps /path/to/files
```

<Note>

> You can verify your uploaded artifacts by navigating to **[Project] > Project Settings (gear icon in top right corner) > Source Maps** on Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify that your upload was successful by navigating to **[Project] > Project Settings (gear icon in top right corner) > Source Maps** on Sentry.
```

</Note>

> Until now, the release is in a draft state (“_unreleased_”). Once all source maps have been uploaded, and your app has been published successfully, finalize the release with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, the release is in a draft state (“_unreleased_”). Once all source maps have been uploaded, and your app has been published successfully, finalize the release with the following command:
```

Sentry uses [releases](/product/releases/) to match the correct source maps to your events.
If you're using SystemJS to bundle your project, your should configure SystemJS to generate source maps and use Sentry CLI to create the release and upload source maps.

> ## 1: Updating SDK Options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 1. Update SDK Options
```

To be able to match Sentry errors with the correct release, you must provide a `release` property in the SDK options:

```javascript
Sentry.init({
  // Make sure this value is identical to the name you give the release that you
  // will create below using Sentry CLI
  release: "<release_name>",
});
```

> ## 2: Generating Source Maps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 2. Generate Source Maps
```

Next, configure SystemJS to output source maps:

```javascript
builder.bundle("src/app.js", "dist/app.min.js", {
  minify: true,
  sourceMaps: true,
  sourceMapContents: true,
});
```

<Note>

This example configuration will inline your original, un-transformed source code into the generated source map file. Sentry requires both source map(s) **and** your original source files to perform reverse transformations. If you choose NOT to inline your source files, you must make those source files available to Sentry _in addition_ to your source maps (see below).

</Note>

> ## 3: Uploading Source Maps Using Sentry CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 3. Uploade Source Maps Using Sentry CLI
```

<Note>

You can find instructions on how to install Sentry CLI here: https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/installation/

</Note>

<Note>

For more info on Sentry CLI configuration visit the [Sentry CLI configuration docs](/product/cli/configuration/).

> </Note>

Reviewer 2: combine

Make sure Sentry CLI is configured for your project. You can use a `.sentryclirc` file or environment variables:

<Note>

Visit the [auth token user settings page](https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/) to find your auth tokens.

</Note>

```ìni {filename:.sentryclirc}
[auth]
token=your-auth-token

[defaults]
org=___ORG_SLUG___
project=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

```bash
export SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=your-auth-token
export SENTRY_ORG=___ORG_SLUG___
export SENTRY_PROJECT=___PROJECT_SLUG___
```

> After configuring Sentry CLI and bundling your project, you can continue by creating a release with Sentry CLI:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After configuring Sentry CLI and bundling your project, create a release with Sentry CLI:
```

```bash
sentry-cli releases new <release_name>
```

> Next, upload your release artifacts (i.e. source files and source maps):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, upload your release artifacts (source files and source maps):
```

```bash
sentry-cli releases files <release_name> upload-sourcemaps /path/to/files
```

<Note>

You can verify your uploaded artifacts by navigating to **[Project] > Project Settings (gear icon in top right corner) > Source Maps** on Sentry.

</Note>

Until now, the release is in a draft state (“_unreleased_”). Once all source maps have been uploaded, and your app has been published successfully, finalize the release with the following command:

```bash
sentry-cli releases finalize <release_name>
```

> For more information on how to configure releases via Sentry CLI, see our [Sentry CLI release management docs](/product/cli/releases/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on how to configure releases via Sentry CLI, check out our [Sentry CLI release management docs](/product/cli/releases/).
```
